dvclive 1.0 (#4085)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/api-reference/live/index.md

live = Live()
```

Or use as a context manager:

```py
from dvclive import Live

with Live() as live:
    ...
```

> 

Reviewer: Non-blocking: let's only keep the context manager (see https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/4085/files#r1014164477).

## Description

A `Live()` instance is required in order to log machine learning parameters,
metrics and other metadata.

<admon type="warn">

`Live()` will remove all existing DVCLive related files under `dir` unless
`resume=True`.

</admon>

> You can use `Live()` as a context manager. When exiting the context manager,
> `Live.make_summary()` and `Live.make_report()` will be called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`with Live() as live:` will call `Live.make_summary()`
and `Live.make_report()` on exit to update the summary
and report with everything logged during the final step.
```

Not blocking
